docs(auth-kit): Update docs for the new `SafeAuthPack` (#289)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/auth-kit/guides/safe-auth.md

# Integration with SafeAuth

This guide demonstrates creating an externally-owned account using your email or social media account. Once authenticated, you can sign transactions and interact with your Safe accounts.

> The `SafeAuthPack` is an authentication system that utilizes the [Web3Auth](https://web3auth.io) MPC technology. It was developed in collaboration with Web3Auth to create a smooth onboarding experience for web2 users across different dApps.

Reviewer: Could you add onboarding to Vale's allowlist?

Reviewer 2: done

> The `SafeAuthPack` is an authentication system that utilizes the [Web3Auth](https://web3auth.io) MPC technology. It was developed in collaboration with Web3Auth to create a smooth onboarding experience for web2 users across different dApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SafeAuthPack` is an authentication system that utilizes the [Web3Auth](https://web3auth.io) MPC technology. It was developed in collaboration with Web3Auth to create a smooth onboarding experience for web2 users across different dapps.
```

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

### Install dependencies

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/auth-kit@alpha @web3auth/safeauth-embed
```

## Create a SafeAuthPack instance

> We will use the provided `SafeAuthPack` exported in the `@safe-global/auth-kit` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the `SafeAuthPack` exported from the `@safe-global/auth-kit` package.
```

Create an instance of the [SafeAuthPack](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/auth-kit/src/packs/safe-auth/SafeAuthPack.ts) using the required `SafeAuthConfig` configuration object.

> > The list of supported chains is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Supported networks:
```

After successfully signing in, you will create a new Ethereum Wallet. This wallet will be used for all future logins and can be **shared across different applications**.

```typescript
// The signIn() method returns the user's Ethereum address and the associated Safe addresses
// The `await` will last until the user is authenticated. Therefore, it will be active while the authentication popup is being displayed.
const authKitSignData = await safeAuthPack.signIn()
```

The returned `authKitSignData` data contains the following properties:

```typescript
AuthKitSignInData {
  eoa: string // The safe signer
  safes?: string[] // The list of associated Safe addresses in the chain
}
```

The `signOut()` method removes the current session.

```typescript
await safeAuthPack.signOut()
```

After the user is authenticated, call `getProvider()` to get the Ethereum provider instance. This is a [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) compatible provider you can wrap using your favorite library (web3, ethers).

```typescript
safeAuthPack.getProvider()
```

> We expose two methods for listening to events, `subscribe()` and `unsubscribe()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer two methods for listening to events, `subscribe()` and `unsubscribe()`.
```
